# BAY_BAY_AREA
Bay area version of LA LA LAND
On the crowded us 101 near Google campus, everyone remained in their car and wrote code on their iPhones. That's where Sebastian met Mia. 
Sebastian, who wrote code in PHP, struggled for a job because he pissed off any interviewer by insisting that PHP is the best programming language. He made a living by helping demos and serving free food at tech talks. His dream was to own a world-changing open source project. 
Mia, who dropped off college to qualify herself for founding startups, ran a one-person tech startup out of the 1 million others in Bay Area. She acted all the time to convince investors her startup would make billions in near future. Her dream was to create a world-changing tech giant. 
They met each other and fell in love. They didn't go movies but go hackthons. They didn't dance but pair-code. They didn't talk about love stories but name for the PHP open source project. However, they broke up one day, when Sebastian gave up his love for PHP due to working visa issue, accepted a JAVA position before Trump's in office, and missed Mia's fund-raising presentation because he was on-call that week. 
All of a sudden Sebastian got a call saying someone wanted to buy Mia's startup. He rushed to Mia and shared the good news. However, it turned out that Mia had to go, not to Paris but to Beijing, as the her start-up was acquired by a Chinese company. 
The story ended when five years later, Mia, returning as a successful business woman, found a PHP open source project on Github, with the name she proposed to Sebastian. She cried, starred that repo, and branched out one to her account. That's when she found Sebastian was there and starred her back.
